# 2020-06-24

## Who

* @tooky
* @aurelien-reeves
* @mattwynne

## What happened

* Added the ValidateRemote git command (#79) which fails if the remote URL is invalid
* Did some work to prevent the process hanging requesting username / password (#90) but we're not done yet
* Started to break up the Connect command to do the URL validation immediately, so we can then do the Fetch in a background task

## Insights

* [Aurelien] I'm pretty please to work even a little bit on git-en-boite. I'm discovering the codebase.
* [Tooky] I think it's a delightful thing that a combination of mob programming and the way this codebase is written, that I could drop in (once in a blue moon) and contribute to what's going on. The acceptance tests, the legibility of the code, and the fact that Matt & Aurelien were closer to the code. It was wild!
* [Matt] I'm enjoying having other people actually use this code and get feedback about how readable / understandable it is, but I'm nervous too!
* [Tooky] I wonder - can I stream files yet?
  * [Matt] No, we're focussed on getting the sync / async structure right first.
* [Tooky] Do we need to fetch during the connect? Could we leave it for clients to do themselves, later?
* [Aurelien] Background jobs would be best to run in separate containers - can we do this?
  * [Matt] Yes, we should be ready - git repos are in a separate docker volume

## Actions

* Finishing #90 by making sure we always set the GIT_ASKPASS etc. environment variables when we call git, not just in that one command
* Make the fetch command asynchronous
* Decide whether to fetch automatically as part of a connect, or not
